docs: clarified usage of createFromPath() (#46809)
electron/electron: docs/api/native-image.md

Returns `NativeImage`

> Creates a new `NativeImage` instance from an image file (PNG, JPG etc) located at `path`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new `NativeImage` instance from an image file (e.g., PNG or JPEG) located at `path`.
```
